At CSC,he engaged in both frontend and backend development. He was involved in resolving bugs and increasing test coverage.Successfully crafted 70+ unit test cases for the DDF application,achieving an 90% efficiency rate.Upon moving to MyRateFinder,he showed versitality and acted as a data engineer and scaled up on Python and SQL.He gave a solution to make raw data readable and usable using Python.He implemented data enrichment with functionalities like utilization,confidence scores and various analytical features which helped in creating a differentiated analytical layer dashboard.He created dynamic superset dashboard via jinja queries.Streamlining queries for efficiency, he enhanced speed and cut costs.These unique features & data quality has landed us a verbal commit from 2 major health systems in the US for MRF's annual subscription.MRF will help these clients in optimizing the pricing strategies, preventing any revenue leakage. Collectively,the revenue for FY2024 of MRF hit ~$25M.


Pranav transitioned from product development to the Expert Services team,delivering critical solutions under strict deadlines. He optimized data extraction with parameterized stored procedures,saving 30% in time and improved the QA process,reducing bugs by 60%. Managing quarterly metadata refreshes,he consolidated~33000 metadata files ,~3TB of original inn files and 20+TB of NDJSON into~4TB BigQuery thus easing up the process of checking data sufficiency. He implemented staging dashboard strategy,minimizing bugs, improving accuracy.He created 12+ analytical dashboards with advanced Jinja queries,integral to client delivery. He ingested~7000 payer files,200 provider files,enriching the MRF database. His work on critical deliverables for 15+ clients and knowledge transfer to new hire ensured seamless execution of complex tasks with minimal guidance. Recognized with Applause Award for deploying CTS release,he contributed in securing,serving 3 subscription clients, generating $7M+ revenue.

in this period, i worked on a MRF subscription client, Carle Health. Ingested over 25 hospital files. created institutional and professional dashboard. assisted on automation of final table creation and dashboard validation automation. worked on creating wellspan and valley stage dashboards for both institutional and professional. worked on mergers and acquisition project for data pull and dashboard creation.
During this period, I worked on ingesting Aetna and Highmark payer files to improve data sufficiency for AHN Professional,ingested multiple payer files and hospitals files to enrich MRF Databse, pulled out the data sufficiency for Cox health hospitals and existing BCBS anthem files in state of Missouri,gave KT to onshore teammates on Dashboard build,worked on multiple adhoc tasks.